If Adele wrote Shakespeare This is incorrect number eleven eight.

Romeo, what a wordsmith!
Juliet, who listens impassively.

Act I: Here we go.

Scene I: Look out Broadway!

[Enter Romeo and Juliet]

Romeo: Ye are half twice the product of thrice the fashionable beautiful
    proud olympian and thrice the canopy.  Speak your mind! You are the
    quotient of the sum of the hard fat-kidneyed half-witted miserable
    horrible rural misused old joy and half the product of the proud joy
    and the sum of a sunny yellow friendly wonderful determined brother
    and the difference between a sickly arrant healthy smooth medicine and
    your hamster and the square root of the sum of your disgusting cursed
    smooth grace and the dewdrop!  Speak your mind! Thou are thrice half
    twice half the quotient between thrice the difference between an
    attractive warm worthless stormy ingenious proud noble uncle and your
    amazing infected craven oozing old stone and the remorseless bad
    prince.  Speak your mind. You art as clearest as the product of your
    sweet peach and twice the sum of a fancy green-eyed cursed charming
    olympian and the quotient between thrice the sum of the huge
    bloodsucking lovely hero and the difference between a smooth
    determined king and a mistletoe and the quotient of the square root of
    the sum of the cheap batty clearest demure demure roman and the afeard
    ugly cow and your handsome hamster.  Speak your mind. Thee art as
    little as the remainder of the product of twice the product of the
    mountaineer and half the sum of the gentle craven stinking base
    stinking uncle and the difference between the just smooth amazing town
    and the proud phoenix and half the remainder of the quotient between
    twice the sum of your disgusting small zany determined honest kingdom
    and the difference between the new-fangled horrible cowardly huge
    stupid princess and the difference between the bedazzled clearest dumb
    misused cat and your featureless infected bower and your healthy
    amazing mistletoe and twice the square root of the sum of your black
    sorry oozing horrid obsequious hamster and the difference between your
    horrible ugly foul featureless yellow phoenix and the difference
    between an evil dusty fashionable proud nose and your mountaineer and
    the difference between the bottomless fashionable bottomless sunny
    green-eyed coy embroidered mother and the quotient of the product of
    half twice the difference between an admirable bluest peaceful
    invulnerable ingenious olympian and the difference between your dusty
    dishonest evil hateful lord and the sum of the friendly lovely pony
    and your bold phoenix and your wonderful plum and the dishonest vile
    aunt.  Speak your mind!

 

[Exeunt omnes]
